# tanish

**1. How do I register for an account?**

Request you to please:

1.  Add a product to the cart and checkout using your registered phone
    number only.

2.  The moment you get to the payment page, your account will be
    auto-created with the phone number and email you provided at
    checkout (You need not to complete the payment).

3.  Thereon, you can login using your phone number via OTP.

# tanish

**2. How can I track my order?**

To track your orders, you can go to the **\"My Order\"** section from
**\"My Account\"** or **\"My Profile\"** page on the top right corner.

# tanish

**3. My order is delayed, why haven\'t I received my order yet?**

There might be a delay in your order due to courier issues or high order
volume. To check the updated delivery date for your order, you can go to
the **\'My Order\'** section from **\'My Account\'** or **\'My
Profile\'** page on the top right corner.

# tanish

**4. Why have I only received some part of my order?**

Your complete order might be arriving in different packages as your
order is a split order. Your box of goodness is on its way.\
To track your orders, you can go to the **\"My Order\"** section from
**\"My Account\"** or **\"My Profile\"** page on the top right corner.

# tanish

**5. Fake delivery attempted / My order is returned without delivery
attempt.**

We are sorry to hear this, please reach out to our customer support for
help.

# tanish

**6. What is the standard time of delivery?**

We usually dispatch orders within 48 hours and it takes 3-4 days to get
it delivered post shipped.

# tanish

**7. Order is showing delivered but I have not received the order.**

Please wait for 48 hours from the order delivery date. If you still do
not get the order, then kindly reach out to us on the **\"Contact Us\"**
page for further investigation.

# tanish

**8. How do I cancel the order?**

Please follow the steps below to cancel the order:

1.  Go to the **\"Menu\"** (Top left corner -- 3 horizontal lines).

2.  Go to **\"My Account\"**.

3.  Click on **\"My Order\"**.

4.  Click on **\"View Details\"** (Top right corner).

5.  Scroll down to the bottom and click on **\"Cancel Order\"**.

# tanish

**9. How can I cancel my order after it has been shipped?**

You may refuse to accept the order at delivery and we\'ll process the
refund once the order is marked Return to Origin (RTO) by our courier
partner. Unfortunately, we won\'t be able to cancel the order at this
point of time as the order is in transit. Hope you understand.

# tanish

**10. How can I modify the delivery address?**

We regret to inform you that once you have placed an order, we are
unable to make any changes to it. Please cancel and place a new order.\
If it\'s not shipped, you won\'t be able to cancel your order now, but
you can refuse it at the time of delivery and you will get your refund
if the order is already paid for.

# tanish

**11. How can I modify my order?**

We regret to inform you that once you have placed an order, we are
unable to make any changes to it. Please cancel and place a new order.\
If it\'s not shipped, you won\'t be able to cancel your order now, but
you can refuse it at the time of delivery and you will get your refund
if the order is already paid for.

# tanish

**12. What is your return policy?**

**Q. Under what conditions can I return/replace my product?**

- Wrong product delivered

- Expired product delivered

- Damaged product delivered -- Physical damage / tampered product or
  packaging

- Incomplete order -- missing products

**Q. Under what conditions return/replacement requests will not be
accepted?**

- Opened/used/altered products

- Original packaging (mono cartons, labels, etc.) missing

- The return/replacement request is generated after 7 days from the date
  of delivery

- The damaged/missing product is reported after 2 days from the date of
  delivery

In case of damaged/defective/incomplete order, please share the images
of delivered product along with shipping label and reach out to us.\
In quality issue, please share the images of delivered product along
with batch ID, shipping label and affected area images and reach out to
us on our **Support** page or **Chat with us**.

# tanish

**13. How do I return my order?**

Please raise the return request by raising a query on the **Contact Us**
page and share the reason for the return along with an image of the
delivered items and shipping box.\
Apologies for the inconvenience.

# tanish

**14. When will my order be returned?**

It takes 3-4 working days for the order to reach our warehouse.

# tanish

**15. When will I receive my cashback?**

On eligible orders, you will get the cashback in the Mamaearth wallet
after seven days of delivery.

# tanish

**16. How can I use my cashback?**

Please follow the below steps:

1.  Login with your registered contact number on Mamaearth website or
    app.

2.  Add the product into your cart.

3.  Click on **\"View Cart\"**.

4.  Click on **\"Proceed to Payment\"** after adding your address
    details.

5.  Select the checkbox **\"Pay by Wallet\"** and it will utilize your
    Mama cash to pay for 70% of the order below â‚¹1000.

# tanish

**17. I am not able to cancel my order**

Your order is cancelable only before being shipped. Once it is shipped,
you won\'t be able to cancel the order but don\'t worry -- you can
refuse at the time of delivery and we\'ll process the refund once the
order is marked Return to Origin (RTO) by our courier partner.

# tanish

**18. How can I update my order\'s mobile number?**

We regret to inform you that once you have placed an order, we are
unable to make any changes to it. Please cancel and place a new order.
If it\'s not shipped, you won\'t be able to cancel your order now but
you can refuse it at the time of delivery and you will get your refund
if the order is already paid for.

# tanish

**19. What is Goodness Insider?**

Goodness Insider is a Loyalty program from which you can get various
benefits.

** Benefits of Goodness Insider**

1.  On every order get 2 sweet surprises.

2.  No minimum purchase needed. We're serious.

3.  Special Sale Days only for you. You can take 10X benefits of your
    plan. Plans can be checked on the platform.

# tanish

**20. How to add Goodness Insider in the cart?**

1.  Go to the cart page.

2.  Select plans from the drop downs.

3.  Click on \'Join now\' and the two free gifts will be added.

# tanish

**21. How does the referral program work?**

1.  Share the referral link with your friends and family.

2.  Once they sign up through the shared link, they will receive Rs. 100
    in their wallet.

3.  You will get Rs. 100 balance in your wallet on their first
    successful order.

# tanish

**22. I want to collaborate with MamaEarth**

Thank you for your interest in Mamaearth. Please contact us by email at
collaboration@mamaearth.in.

# tanish

**23. I want to be a re-seller of Mamaearth**

We regret to inform you that the reselling program is no longer
available.

# tanish

**24. When will I see the results of using the products?**

In general, you should use it for 3 to 8 weeks for the best results, and
the rest of the results may vary depending on your skin type.

# tanish

**25. Please recommend a product for me to purchase.**

You can browse through various sections on the website/app to find the
best suited product for use.

# tanish

**26. How to un-subscribe (Mobile Number)**

To Stop Receiving SMS Send STOP to 5757550. It will charge Rs 3 per SMS.
Once you send the SMS, all promotional SMS will be stopped.

# tanish

**27. How to un-subscribe (Email Id)**

For Email, go to the bottom of the email, you will see the option of
\'If you\'d like to unsubscribe and stop receiving these emails click
here\'. Click on it, you will be unsubscribed from the email list.

# tanish

**28. What toxins do, why should I avoid them?**

Toxins are chemicals used in cosmetics and other products for various
purposes, some as preservatives and others as dyes, fragrances, actives
etc. Multiple studies have revealed that these toxins can have many side
effects some of which are life-threatening. Constant use of some toxins
like formaldehyde, 1-4 dioxane, parabens etc has found to be leading to
cancer. Other side-effects include learning disabilities, eczema, skin
aging & early puberty.

# tanish

**29. What are some of the toxins I can spot on the label**

A small guide to common toxins is mentioned below, read the ingredients
& try and avoid products especially for your baby with anything that
has:

- Parabens

- Mineral oil

- Fragrances (can contain phthalates)

- PEG (Poly Ethylene Glycols)

- Sodium Lauryl Sulfate/SLES

- MEA, DEA, TEA (Ethanolamines)

- Triclosan

- Talc

- Aluminium (may contain asbestos)

- Artificial colors (E.g. Red 4, Yellow 5, Green 3 -- Food & Fragrance)

# tanish

**30. Can I transfer my cashback to my bank account**

Under no circumstances will you be entitled to withdraw the eligible
cashback amount into your bank account or otherwise ask for a cash
withdrawal. The cashback amount will be applied as a discount for your
eligible purchases. The cashback amount cannot be credited into any
pre-paid instrument issued under applicable RBI laws.

# tanish

**31. What is the cashback\'s validity?**

The cashback will be valid for 90 days from the date of credited. Check
your profile or Email/ SMS for the actual expiry date of cashback.

# tanish

**32. How much cashback is available for use in a single order?**

As per Cashback policy, the user is eligible to avail 70% of the order
total, not more than Rs.1000, can be paid via mamacashp>

# tanish

**33. When will I get my refund?**

Once the refund is initiated, it takes 5-7 working days from the date of
processing, except for Saturday, Sunday, and national holidays. Usually
the refund is credited earlier within 2 days. In case of any issues,
please bring up the chargeback request with your bank\'s customer
service team. To raise a request, you need to fill up a form and submit
it to the bank (issuing bank). You will need to submit the transaction
details along with the reason for raising the chargeback request.

# tanish

**34. How can I track my refund?**

To check the status of your refund check \'My Order' section from your
account. Once your order is canceled, please wait for 5-7 days for
refund amount to reflect in your source account.

# tanish

**35. My payment has been deducted, but my order has not been confirmed**

Due to certain reasons your order was not confirmed but don't worry any
payment deducted will be refunded to your source account within 48
hours. Any cashback/ wallet amount deducted will also be credited back
into your wallet.

# tanish

**36. I am unable to make the payment.**

Please try again after clearing your browser's cache and cookies. If you
are still unable to pay, you can try a different payment method. You can
also reach us via our support page or try chatting with us.

# tanish

**37. While my payment was unsuccessful, my cashback was deducted.**

We apologize for the inconvenience, but please be assured that your
wallet money will be refunded within the next 24 hours. Alternatively,
you can raise the issue via chatting with us.

# tanish

**38. Do you accept international credit cards for payment?**

We regret to inform you that we do not accept international credit
cards.

# tanish

**39. Can I change my payment method**

We regret to inform you that there are no modification options available
once an order has been placed.